you're strong but I could snap my
fingers
and you'll all cease to exist
I'm torrid time to see all the possible
outcomes
did we win any
it's a small price to pay to salvation
today we fight for our lives on April
27th
changes forever group put that thing
away read it
run from it isn't he we're gonna need
some help
how you been buck not bad for the end of
the world
[Music]
Derick don't fight for one
we fight for all of them
Avengers infinity war when you said we
were going to open what conduct to the
rest of the world this is not what I
imagined both of you imagine the
Olympics maybe even if Starbucks
everywhere April 27
[Music]
that fast